Welcome and thank you for visiting and using Memefy.
Last Updated : 12 December 2021
By accessing or using any of the Services provided by Memefy or its affiliates, however accessed, you (collectively with Memefy, the “Parties”) manifest your intent and agree to be bound by this terms of use Agreement (“Agreement”). This Agreement affects your legal rights and obligations. If you do not agree to be bound by this Agreement, you are expressly prohibited from accessing or using the Services. After a modification, replacement, or amendment of the terms of this Agreement, your continued use of the Services constitutes your agreement to said modification, replacement, or amendment.
Eligibility
The Services are only available to individuals above the age of eighteen (13) and older, whichever is greater. Individuals under the age of 13 are expressly prohibited from creating a user account or otherwise using the Services. Memefy may provide Users with the ability to upload or transmit content to or through the Services, including, but not limited to, User Engagement. When you submit User Engagement to the Services, you grant MemeBit a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, and perpetual license to use your User Engagement for the customary and intended purposes of the Services. These purposes may include providing you or third parties with the Services, backing up or archiving the Services, and selling or transferring the Services to a third party. In submitting User Engagement to the Services, you agree to waive all moral rights in or to your User Engagement across the world, whether you have or have not asserted moral rights. You also agree to waive all rights of publicity or privacy in or to your User Engagement.
Memefy is not responsible for any User Engagement, third-party content, syndicated content, services, advertisements, and/or links that may be contained on the Services. The Services may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by Memefy. Memefy has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, services, privacy policies, terms of use, or practices of any third-party websites or services. Additionally, Memefy will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site. By using the Services, you expressly hold Memefy harmless from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website. YOUR CORRESPONDENCE AND BUSINESS DEALINGS WITH THIRD PARTIES FOUND THROUGH THE SERVICES ARE SOLELY BETWEEN YOU AND THE THIRD PARTY.
You agree that you are responsible for all data or roaming charges you incur through use of the Services.
Memefy prohibits crawling, scraping, caching or otherwise accessing any Content or User Engagement on the Memefy Service via automated means, except as may be the result of standard search engine protocols or technologies used by a search engine with Memefy express consent.
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Users of the Services, whether online or offline. You agree that Memefy is not responsible or liable for the conduct of any User. Memefy reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor or become involved in disputes between you and other Users.
There will be occasions when the Services may be interrupted, including, without limitation, for scheduled maintenance or upgrades, for emergency repairs, or due to failure of telecommunications links and/or equipment. Memefy will not be held responsible for any such interruptions.
Memefy reserves the right to remove any Content and/or User Engagement from the Services for any reason, without prior notice. Content and/or User Engagement removed from the Services may continue to be stored by Memefy, including, without limitation, in order to comply with certain legal obligations, but may not be retrievable without a valid court order. Memefy is not a backup service and you agree that you will not rely on the Services for the purposes of content backup or storage. Memefy will not be liable to you for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Memefy Services or the loss of any Content or User Engagement. You also acknowledge that the Internet may be subject to breaches of security and that the submission of User Engagement or other information may not be secure. You are expressly and solely responsible for your own security when using the Services.
Memefy provides you with a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-assignable, and revocable license to use the Services for their customary and intended purposes. Use of the Services for a use outside of their customary and intended purposes or in violation of the terms of this Agreement will result in the immediate termination of this license. This license is revocable at any time, and any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to MemeBit.
In order to access some features of the Services, you will have to create an account. You may never use another User's account without permission or solicit, collect, or use the login credentials of other Users. When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information. You are responsible for keeping your password secure and you are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account. Although Memefy will not be liable for any losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable for the losses of MemeBit or others due to such unauthorized use. If you become aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your password or of your account, you must notify Memefy immediately at contactmemefy@gmail.com.
You agree you will not sell, transfer, license or assign your account, username, or any account rights. Memefy prohibits the creation of, and you agree that you will not create, an account for anyone other than yourself.
You also agree that all information you provide or have provided to Memefy upon registration and at all other times will be true, accurate, current, and complete, and you agree to update your information as necessary to maintain its truth and accuracy.
Use of the Services--Permissions and Restrictions on Your Use
You agree to use the Services only for purposes that are permitted by this Agreement. Memefy here by grants you permission to access and use the Services as set forth in this Agreement, provided that:
You agree that you have the legal right and capacity to enter into this Agreement in your jurisdiction.
You must not use the Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. You agree to comply with all laws, rules and regulations (e.g., federal, state, local and provincial) applicable to your use of the Services and your User Engagement, including, but not limited to, copyright laws and export laws.
You must not post abusive, obscene, threatening, harassing, defamatory, libelous, offensive, violent, nude, partially nude, discriminatory, unlawful, infringing, hateful, pornographic, or sexually suggestive User Engagement via the Services, or User Engagement that encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate. You must not post spam. You must not defame, stalk, bully, abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate people or entities. You must not intentionally make false or misleading statements.
You must not post private, confidential or sensitive information, or information that is otherwise in breach of the law via the iServices, including, without limitation, your or any other person's credit card information, social security, or national identity numbers, non-public phone numbers, addresses, or email addresses. You must not submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret, or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant to Memefy all of the licensed rights granted herein.
You must keep all of your User Engagement relevant and "on topic" to the particular item of User Engagement open for comments or submissions.
You must not distribute in any medium any part of the Services without prior written authorization from MemeBit. You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security related features of the Services or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content and User Engagement or enforce limitations on use of the Services and the Content and User Engagement therein.
You must not engage in any activity that interferes with or disrupts the Services (or the servers and networks which are connected to the Services), including by transmitting any worms, viruses, spyware, malware, or any other code of a destructive or disruptive nature. You may not inject content or code or otherwise alter or interfere with the way any part of the Services is rendered or displayed in a User's browser or device.
You must not change, alter or modify any part of the Services for any reason.
You agree not to use or launch any type of automated system, including but not limited to, "robots," "spiders," or "offline readers," that accesses the Services in a manner that sends more request messages to Memefy's servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a conventional on-line web browser. You agree not to access(or attempt to access) any of the Services, including Content and User Engagement, by any means other than through the interfaces that are provided by Memefy.
You must not solicit, for commercial purposes, spam, or send harassing communications to any Users. Additionally, you must not collect or harvest any personal information from the Services.
You must not attempt to restrict another User from using or enjoying the Services and you must not encourage or facilitate violations of this Agreement or any other MemeBit terms.
The Content and Memefy intellectual property, including, but not limited to, the Memefy trademarks, trade names, and logos, on the Services are owned by or licensed to Memefy, subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under United States and foreign laws and international conventions. Content on the Services may not be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without the prior written consent of the respective owners. Memefy reserves all rights that are not expressly granted in and to the Services and the Content.
You agree not to use, copy, or distribute, either directly or indirectly, any of the Content other than that which is expressly permitted herein, including any use, copying, or distribution of User Engagement of third parties obtained through the Services for any commercial purposes. If you download or print a copy of the Content and/or User Engagement for personal use, you must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein. You agree that Memefy holds no responsibility for content posted within the service, including, but not limited to, User Engagement. Memefy is not obligated to monitor or edit any content posted on Memefy, including, but not limited to, User Engagement. If your content violates this Agreement, you may bear legal responsibility for that content.
Memefy reserves the right to discontinue any aspect of the Services, either specifically to you or generally, at any time.
Memefy may terminate a User's access to the Services at any time, for any reason. If MemeBit suspects that you have violated any provision of this Agreement, Memefy may also seek any other available legal remedy. Your rights under this Agreement will terminate automatically if you breach any part of this Agreement. Further, Memefy reserves the right to refuse access to the Services to anyone for any reason at any time.
User Engagement
You may be given the opportunity to review and post User Comments on the Services. Your User Comments must adhere to this Agreement, any additional applicable terms of the mobile application store or marketplace where you have downloaded such Services, and, to the extent applicable, foreign, national, state, or local laws. If a comment is made using your identity, it will be deemed to have been posted by you. Memefy will not accept responsibility for User Comments and other information posted in the comments. If Memefy receives notice that any User Comments are not in compliance with this Agreement or the intended use of the User Comments, MemeBit may remove such User Comments. Additionally, engaging in such conduct may result in you and/or your account being banned from the Services.
User Comments are made available to you for your information and personal use solely as intended through the normal functionality of the Services. User Comments are made available AS IS and may not be used, copied, reproduced, displayed, sold, licensed, downloaded, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, or otherwise exploited in any manner not intended by the normal functionality of the Services or otherwise as expressly authorized under this Agreement.
You own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorize us to use all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to any and all User Submissions to enable inclusion and use of the User Submissions in the manner contemplated by the Services and this Agreement.
You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in the User Submission to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of the User Submissions in the manner contemplated by the Services and this Agreement.
You additionally affirm, represent, and warrant that the posting and use of your User Engagement on or through the Memefy Services does not violate, misappropriate or infringe on the rights of any third party, including, without limitation, privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark and/or other intellectual property rights.
You agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owed by reason of your User Engagement that you post on or through the Services.
Memefy does not endorse any User Engagement or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and MemeBit expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Engagement. Memefy does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on its Services, and Memefy will remove all Content and User Engagement if properly notified that such Content or User Engagement infringes on another's intellectual property rights. Memefy may, but has no obligation to, remove, edit, block, and/or monitor User Engagement or accounts containing User Engagement that MemeBit determines in its sole discretion violates this Agreement. Memefy will also terminate a User's access to the Services, if they are determined to be a repeat infringer. A repeat infringer is a User who has been notified of infringing activity more than twice and/or has had User Engagement removed from the Services more than twice.
MemeBit reserves the right to determine in its sole discretion whether Content or User Engagement is appropriate and complies with this Agreement for violations other than copyright infringement and violations of intellectual property law, including, but not limited to, pornography, obscene or defamatory material, hate speech, or excessive length. Memefy may, at any time, without prior notice and in its sole discretion remove such User Engagement and/or terminate a User's access for submitting such material in violation of this Agreement.
You understand that when using the Services, you will be exposed to User Engagement from a variety of sources. Memefy is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such User Engagement. You understand and agree that MemeBit cannot and will not be responsible for the User Engagement posted on the Services and you use the Services at your own risk.
Memefy may provide you with the ability to share your geographical location with Memefy and other users of the Services when using the Services. You may also accept or reject any requests from users of the Services to obtain your geographical location through the Services. If you share your geographical location with your subscribers, you understand and agree that your geographical location may appear on a map and that subscribers to your Memefy account may be able to determine your exact, physical location. If you utilize the Services to post User Engagement to the MemeBit map feature located within the Services, you understand and agree that your geographical location may appear on a map and that all users of the MemeBit map feature located within the Services may be able to determine your exact, physical location. Memefy provides you with the opportunity to opt-in and opt-out of sharing your geographical location within the settings of your mobile device and/or web browser, which may provide you with several options for the sharing of your geographical location, such as options to share your geographical location at all times, only when using the iServices, or never. Should you wish to cease the sharing and use of your geographic location by Memefy, you are advised to disable location services within the settings of your mobile device and/or web browser. If you do not share your physical location with the Services, you may not use the Memefy map feature located within the Services.

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Memefy Parties from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including, but not limited to, attorney's fees) arising out of or in any way connected with:
(i) your User Engagement or your use of and access to the Memefy Services;
(ii) your breach or alleged breach of this Agreement;
(iii) your violation or alleged violation of any third party right, including without limitation any intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, property or privacy right;
(iv) your violation or alleged violation of any laws, rules, regulations, codes, statutes, ordinances or orders;
(v) any claim that your User Engagement caused damage to a third party; or
(vi) any misrepresentation made by you. You will cooperate as fully required by Memefy in the defense of any claim.

Memefy reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, and you will not in any event settle any claim without the prior written consent of Memefy. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive this Agreement and your use of Memefy Services.
This Agreement, together with the Privacy Notice at https://memebit.xyz/app/privacy , which is incorporated by reference, and any other legal notices published by Memefy on the Memefy Services, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Memefy concerning the Memefy Services.
If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.
No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Memefy's failure to assert any right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Memefy reserves the right to amend this Agreement at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review this Agreement for any changes. Your use of the Memefy Services following any amendment of this Agreement will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms.

YOU AND MEMEFY AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE MEMEFY SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
